James Gump, a local bankteller, received an invitation from an online friend to go to Brazil. Now Mr. Gump had never been to Brazil before, so he felt extremely nervous. As James tries to make his flight, he is able to go through customs and security, and is able to get onto his plane just fine. Though, once in the air, the plane hits some of the worst turbulence that James has ever felt. James is left fearing for his life, and passes out for the rest of his flight.

As James is passed out, he reminiscences about his life and whether it was well lived. He dreams about all the good times and the bad, the embarrasing and enjoyable, the despairing and joyful. While this is happening, his buddy Mike comes from the restroom and still perplexed as to why his buddy is still asleep for some timee. He reminds himself that James has a fear of planes and gets nauseauted during takeoff and passes out.

The airplane peacefully travels through the sky for a few hours, and the process is rather uneventful. When they arrive Brazil and prepare to land, James thinks he has overcomed his fear already. However, the moment they land, James feels a heavy bump, and he closed his eyes. When he reopens, he finds out that he is in an island, and the airplane crushed besides him. 

James immediatly searches to find if anyone else has survived and finds one lady badly wounded but still alive. He attempts to talk to her but she doesn't speak english. He attempts to help her bandage her wounds but she's lost too much blood and ends up dying. James thinks to himself if he really wants to go through all the pain of trying to survive on the island alone but eventually decides to jump from a near by cliff instead. He jumps, hits the ground and BOOM he's awake in a hotel. Was it all just a dream? Did the plane crash never happen? 

Turns out it never happened. James has an overactive imagination. He finished the rest of his vacation to the Dells without ever thinking about the dream again. He rode water slides and had a blast in the hot sun. But, near the end of his vacation, something strange happened. James Gump, a bankteller, received an invitation from an online friend to go to Brazil.
